So many teachings about the suttas over 30 volumes. For example, this is one of the volumes, or
this is the one called the "Buddha Suttas", the "Buddha View" teachings.
In the teachings said here, for example, if I read this from here, in the teachings said, "Buddha
that time, when you have this teaching, begins, begins."
In the teachings said that, "Buddha that year, Buddha was residing in the shavastha, in the dead of
the groves."
"He did rainy season retreat, three month rainy season retreat."
"Racy is finished." So that means, now it came to the autumn. Some of you see it, and now it came
to autumn.
In that autumn time, Buddha told to all the audience, all those who are there, he is going to be
challenged.
If anybody like to come, or like to join with me, they can come. If they like to stay, they can
stay.
So Buddha announces that. And when Buddha announces that, then what has position of the Buddha,
Buddha has position.
Buddha has ropes, Buddha has bagging balls. That's the position. That's not he has. So here he said
, in the teachings Suttas said, "Buddha kept those ropes, and he wear the ropes, he called the bag
ging balls, then he is on the move."
He is on the move. He is on the move with so many monks, and others, and many great bodhisattvas.
They all came. So many came. They all went from shavastha to Vaishali, and quite two of you went.
And he is quite far, far. But that was his route. In the teachings Suttas said, "Buddha went to sh
avastha."
Vaishali is one of the very special places. The Buddha slept many times. So I think he went from sh
avastha to Vaishali, and even in the car, he takes a few drives.
From shavastha, continually, I think it takes definitely 12 hours by car. So it's a long way, I
think, in a way.
But anyway, Buddha, usually when you go, I mean usually, Buddha is bare feet. Bare feet, he walks
with them.
So when he arrived in Vaishali, and then he stayed there, stayed again with all the sangha members,
they stayed and meditated, meditated and practiced.
Everyone is so calm and so peaceful, and so relaxed, so soothing. Everything is. And beautiful
cities, everyone is just calm and peaceful.
Audience, and Buddha, and everyone. At that time, among all the audience, there is one bodhisattva,
known as Chodva Gavajyabha, the Supreme Delighted Bodhisattva.
He was there. And among the group, without any shy, without any hesitation, with deep respect and
appreciation, he raised.
He said, "Great blessed one, what are all the different stages of the practice, meditation, what
are the samadhis and so forth?"
He asked one up and another, those criticals. And Buddha asked one up and another. And then he
asked, "What are all the, how to reach to the Buddha?"
"What are the instrumentals to become a Buddha, to benefit all beings?"
Buddha mentioned all the parabuddha practices. One up and another is parabuddha practice.
There are parabuddha practices as you, many of you know. This many is the six parabuddhas.
The six parabuddhas, the other is the parabuddha, or the transcendental, the other is the transcend
ental practices,
morality, transcendental practices, passion, transcendental practices, and as well as the joyful
effort, transcendental practices.
And concentration, transcendental practices, and wisdom, transcendental practices.
And Asian, the skillful means, transcendental practices, and powerful, transcendental practices or
courage in commitment, transcendental practices.
Inspiration of transcendental practices, true, willing, the wisdom of transcendental practices, and
Asian of those.
When you apply those transcendental practices with bodhijata, that means practice, transcendental
practices, completely mundane, with true love, through compassion.
True love and communication activities that are reflected through this six parabuddhas without
attachment, without clinging, without any grasping.
Then it becomes transcendental. Then it becomes transcendental. It becomes so clear, so believed.
There are no strains of the ego, no strains that are attracted, that pull back, that become unclean
.
Clean. It's pristine. We don't have the ego cleanly. We're not attracted with it, grasping.
All this is called the transcendental practice. Clean transcendental practice.
When you practice continually applying that, that individually, in the teachings, individually, is
the brilliant.
As the sun is shining in the sky, that individually is the beacon of the samsara, beacon of the
darknesses that the individual is.
That individually is truly as guidance, actions of the beings, all the beings.
That individually is a true friend of every living being.
When you continue to pursue that, that individually is totally peace, individual.
That is not just the beacon of the old being. That individual, in the world, that individual is
trying to experience something totally different.
No. Totally joke, totally peace, totally happiness.
Happiness is just so beautiful. As it's beautiful outside, it's beautiful in.
As it's beautiful in, it's beautiful outside. It's so believed.
We continue to maintain and continue to get that way.
Then what the result? Result is known as the Buddha and invite.
And there is this is what the Buddha Shakyamala said, all those.
Then this great master of this very bodhisattva, Chodh Gavrya, that delighted bodhisattva, supreme
ly delighted bodhisattva or supremely delighted one, said.
And how many Buddhas came there is.
And Buddha said, there is so many Buddhas came ancient times.
This is not just the Buddha, it's a sadhana, a prayer, because whoever ignited their inner nature,
inner their beautiful thing, called it is.
Buddhas are coming because Buddha is not just coming. Somebody is producing.
Buddha is individualist. Whoever walked with his six paramattas or transcendent of the six paramatt
as or the ten paramattas,
they truly wrote to the enlightenment, they truly bring the total happiness to him.
So then so many great Buddhas came in the past.
Then Buddha mentioned a few of those things.
And then said, how many Buddhas are going to come in the future?
Then Buddha said, then Buddha Shakyamala said, there is then one thousand Buddhas will come in the
future.
Among that, then four Buddhas came already.
And this great master said, then what this great Buddha said.
Could you tell me first, the names of those great Buddhas will go and come.
All great is bodhisattva who are willing to become the beacon of the world,
who are coming one after.
Could you give at least the names of this?
And then Buddha give one after those, after the names of the one thousand Buddhas, one after
another in this text.
They say, all Buddha is one thousand Buddhas, Shakyamala said.
And after these Buddhas listed all the names, then this great bodhisattva asked again.
Since you already great Buddha, you already mentioned that.
How wonderful.
You see, this is that they will have benefit to the gods, the means, and all the beings.
It will make happiness, it will make peace, peace to everyone.
And so, they will have these names of this great bodhisattva who are going to come or become the
Buddhas.
How wonderful, how excellent it is.
Now, could you tell me, could all these Buddhas who are going to come, this great bodhisattva,
where they will be born?
What is their client's name?
What is the color they have?
What is the parent's name?
What is their lifespan?
How long they are teaching the bodhisattva?
Could you tell me that?
And then Buddha said, yes, I will tell you, great bodhisattva, I will.
You listen carefully, as you listen carefully, hold that teaching.
teaching, always the Buddha teaches it, in the Tibetan.
Lapar, yuna, yilasongdhe, ngeetu, in Tibetan this is.
Lapar nyuma, listen carefully.
Lapar nyuma.
Yilasong means keep that in the mind.
Mind.
Mind, then I will tell you.
This is the teaching said, always.
What that means to each other.
That means, listen carefully.
That means, listen with the beautiful moderation, beautiful thought.
You are not listening with any emotions.
Not such as anger, arrogance, doubt and hesitations,
sculptural thoughts, angle at the thought.
Then you are not listening perfectly.
Not listening carefully, listening because emotion is mixed.
Or sometimes listening how that person is going to speak.
Kind of like a most judgmental, listen.
You do that, or we do this, whoever do that.
That teaching is not absolute teaching.
What that happens, that teaching comes from this.
That teaching comes from this and it goes from here.
It's just a transition.
It's an idea.
I think why?
Maybe he's not really even starting a toolbox.
He just went through.
We will get what for?
To get two. Not that kind of letter.
So that is known as not listening.
When you do this, then what is teaching then?
It's not holding in the mind.
It's going away.
Even if you hold your mind, then teaching is important.
That is the example of what in the Buddha teaching.
That's just really teaching.
It's like a ball that has ball.
You pull things inside.
Even though it went inside, it leaked.
It went out immediately.
At that level, you're not holding it.
Here go here, the Buddha said, "Reggae ball, noble son.
Listen perfectly and hold that in the mind."
I was telling that.
Then Buddha gave all those as he asked, one after another.
So this is.
After he finished this, after that Buddha finished that,
then he asked again, this Buddha said, "How did they develop that?"
I mean, Buddha, you mentioned that when they become all this Buddha holding enlightenment,
this is the only choice to become them by the body jata.
How did they develop the body jata?
This great body jata.
And with whom?
What they did?
How did they become the body jata?
How did they develop the body jata?
End of Buddha then mention again at the end.
Then Buddha said, "How did they become the body jata?"
And he went with the Buddha, one after another Buddha mentioned.
So that is what this one thousand Buddha said.
This is the Buddha's teaching.
There is over a hundred and now we got this book.
It was published by the very renowned Nima teacher who lives in the west coast now.
And so many beautiful books, really beautiful books.
And so many beautiful Dharma activities that spread out all over the world.
One of the earliest videos of the daily teaching that he did.
So he published these books and he collected entire Buddha teachings
that what is translated into tripping.
Even some Buddha teachings are not unable to do the wood block.
They didn't do the wood block.
So they didn't do kind of the sculpted there.
But he put all together.
It is over a hundred and fifty volumes that I got.
So this is very blessed.
And so this is the text that is.
And according to his numbers, it is 56th the Buddha teaching.
56th, but it is the beginning of the Suttar teachings.
Put all the different one of the Guru teachings.
So this is 56th begins.
That is the breathing of all the one thousand Buddhas.
one told him to put us.